[MUSIC PLAYING]
[ETHEREAL MUSIC]
>> Astral City.
[ROCKS TUMBLING]
[GASP]
[DEEP SIGH]
[FAINT GROWL]
[SCREECHING]
[FAINT MOANS, GROWLING]
[DEEP GASP]
>> It was like waking
up from a long dream.
Soon I realized I was no longer
in the realm of the living.
[SCREECHING]
I found myself facing
an overwhelming truth.
Life is an eternal source
and goes through many stages.
[WAILING, MOANING]
[JUMBLED VOICES]
I woke up in a
dimension called Umbral,
something like a purgatory.
My story was only
starting over again.
[AGONIZING SCREAM]
[FAINT VOICES]
[INTENSE ORCHESTRAL MUSIC]
[ECHOING THUNDER]
[GROWLING]
[SCREAMS]
>> Andre Luiz, come here son.
Have you said hi
to dad and gram?
[CLASSICAL MUSIC]
Now sit down and
have your breakfast.
>> This boy.
>> Andre!
[CHUCKLES]
[THUNDER CRACKING]
[SCREAMS, GROANS]
>> I lost all sense
of time and space.
[GROANS, YELLING]
I was feeling sore in
my body and in my soul.
I was being affected by
forces I could not understand.
None of my knowledge could
help me at that moment.
The dream turned
into a nightmare.
>> Oh, darling, you
should have been there.
I'm telling you it was
the most exquisite voyage
that I've ever been on.
And that is nothing.
And the fashion--
I'm telling you, I
bought one of everything.
I mean--
>> Here's to us.
>> Look, darling.
>> A toast--
>> Don't I look--
>> --to Andre.
>> --exceptionally
incredible tonight?
I'm telling you, you simply
must go with me on the next one.
>> Hello.
[LAUGHS]
[AGONIZING SCREAMS]
>> Mariano, are
you done studying?
>> Yes, dad.
>> Off you go.
[HURRIED STEPS]
>> Give me.
>> Reminiscing about the past,
I realized that appearances do
not always show reality.
Most times, our
darkest side hides
beneath a false
image of tranquility.
But one day, everything
comes to surface
and it's never too late.
[WATER SPLASHING]
[VOICES CRYING OUT]
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC]
[QUIVERING]
[PAINFUL GASPS]
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC]
[WATER SLOSHING]
[HEAVY PANTING]
>> Thanks a lot.
>> See you.
>> See you soon.
>> Thank you very much.
>> Doctor?
>> Please, come in.
>> Come, Anternor.
[THUNDER CRACKING]
[FAINT SCREAMS, MOANING]
[INTENSE MUSIC]
[GASPING]
[DEEP SIGH]
[SHALLOW COUGH]
>> Are you all right?
>> Yes.
>> Are you sure
you're all right?
>> I'm fine.
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC]
[FAINT SCREAMS]
>> On the wasted planes,
I was only surviving--
no destiny, no answers.
I was breathing but
starving, cold, and afraid.
>> Forgive me, forgive me.
Please, forgive me.
>> I forgive you, my love.
>> Forgive me.
[SOBBING]
Please.
>> I too ask you
for forgiveness.
[SOBBING]
I love you.
>> Help.
God, get us out of here.
>> My God, get us--
>> I regret everything.
>> --out of here.
[SOBBING]
[MOANING]
[ECHOING THUNDER]
>> Are you all right?
Andre?
>> Dad!
Dad!
>> Andre?
Andre?
>> Dad!
[PANICKED BREATHING]
[THUNDER CRACKING]
[MUMBLING]
>> Go away, get away, get away.
>> It's suicidal.
[CRAZED LAUGHING]
>> Get away.
>> Look at him.
>> Suicidal.
>> That's it.
Yes.
[CRAZED VOICES]
[PSYCHOTIC LAUGHTER]
>> Look at him.
>> Miserable.
>> He's suicidal.
>> Suicidal.
[CRAZED LAUGHTER]
>> Look at him.
>> Suicidal.
[GROWLING]
>> Look at him.
Look at him.
>> Suicidal.
[INTENSE MUSIC]
[CLOCK TICKING]
[MELANCHOLY PIANO]
>> He's suicidal.
Look at him.
>> At desperate times--
>> Look at him.
>> You're crazy.
>> --when I had no
strength left in me--
>> Miserable.
>> Look at him.
>> --and all my hopes
seemed to have ended--
>> Get away from me.
>> --I did the only thing
I thought I could do.
>> Mercy, help me please.
Help me.
Have mercy.
>> I don't know how
long I kept begging.
And it was coming from
the bottom of my soul.
But then--
>> Look at him.
>> --I was heard.
>> Andre?
>> Not him.
>> No.
>> He's suicidal.
Look, look at him.
>> For the love of
God, please help me.
For the love of God, help me.
Help me.
Get me out of here.
>> Easy, easy.
[MOANING]
>> Lucius, Tobias.
Easy, easy.
>> Look at him.
>> Your time has come, Andre.
>> Suicidal.
Look at him.
>> Let's take him.
>> (WHISPERING)
Get away from me.
Go away.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[MUMBLING]
>> We need to reach
the city soon.
Shall we?
>> Yes, let's go.
[MOANING CROWD]
>> No.
He's suicidal.
Coward.
>> He's suicidal.
Look at him.
>> He doesn't deserve this.
[CRAZED LAUGHTER]
>> Look at him.
Look at him.
>> He's suicidal.
Miserable.
>> (MOCKINGLY) Suicidal.
[CRAZED LAUGHTER]
>> Look at him.
>> He's suicidal.
Suicidal.
[SOBBING]
[MUMBLING]
[MOCKING VOICES]
>> Get away from me.
>> Look at him.
Suicidal, suicidal.
[CRAZED MOANING]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Let's go to the
Regeneration Ministry.
>> Sir, how about the chambers?
>> No, he's going
to be a good boy.
>> Welcome to Astral City.
>> Save your strength, Andre.
[CHATTER]
[COUGHING]
>> Hello, Andre.
How are you?
>> Where is this place?
[COUGHING]
>> My name is Lucius.
[QUIVERING GULPS]
>> Lucius, what is this place?
>> What do you think?
>> I've never seen a
hospital like this.
>> Not on Earth, for now.
>> This is not Earth?
Who are you people?
What happened to me?
>> All of your questions
will be answered soon enough,
all right?
>> You won't give
me any medication?
>> Excuse me.
[WINCES]
>> So am I dead or not?
>> Dead?
>> Your body is dead, Andre.
That's all.
Don't move.
[PIANO MUSIC]
[WINCING]
Now you can eat.
It's soup.
And it's delicious too.
[AMBIENT SOUNDS]
Hello, Andre.
Feel better?
Did you like the soup?
At least you don't feel hungry.
I'm sure you feel more disposed.
>> Lucius, I need explanations.
>> And very well
disposed, I see.
>> This is not how you
should treat a patient.
I need information about
my health condition.
>> For now, you need
the treatment only.
>> You probably don't know
this, but I'm a doctor myself.
I know what happened.
I remember the hospital.
You have no idea
how I suffered when
I found out about the disease.
40 days in the
hospital-- my wife
and my children
watching me suffer, not
to mention how embarrassing.
And the impossible came true.
I die.
And I wake up in that horrible
place next to these monsters.
>> Our brothers even
if they don't know it.
>> Brothers?
You've gone mad.
Where is the man who found me?
Is he your superior?
Somebody needs to
tell me something.
I'm not thirsty.
>> It's medicine.
>> Where?
>> Just put it in your mouth.
Try and keep this in your
mouth as long as you can.
It will help you.
No swallowing.
Thank you.
[AMBIENT MUSIC]
[MUMBLING]
>> Talk to me.
It's water, swallow.
>> Hmm?
Hey, you're right.
Look at that.
Thank you very much.
Thank God you warned me, sir.
>> How long have
you been like this?
>> I just know that
since I got here,
I haven't had one
quiet moment, you know?
[CHUCKLES]
Me, who never believed
in life after death.
I remember I was
reading my books.
Then I saw myself
out of my own body.
Then my friends arrived
and took me to be buried.
That's when I got lost
for myself, you know?
And I ended up in
hell, actual hell.
Oh, how I suffered and suffered.
I'm still asking
myself if I'm dreaming.
But I know that if this isn't a
dream, then God really exists,
doesn't he?
And if God--
>> Here, have a drink.
>> --but I've just had the
water that the young man--
>> You can have more.
You need it.
And do not think
twice or swallow it.
Keep it like this
for about five hours.
I'm tired.
I got to sleep.
>> Maybe now you can think
about the life you had on Earth.
The skepticism ends when you
wake up in the spiritual world.
It seems he has comprehended
the meaning of the water,
the water of patience.
Now you know.
If you have many
complaints, water.
>> Lucius, I won't stop until
I know whatever is going on.
>> Who knows, maybe
we'll have some answers.
>> Hello, Andre.
My name is Clarencio.
>> Clarencio, before anything,
I want to thank you for rescuing
me.
I don't even want to think
about what I've been through,
a nightmare, an injustice.
>> What can I do for you, Andre?
>> I need answers.
>> Of course, of course.
I understand, after
all that suffering.
But it's a shame you are
here because of a suicide.
>> What?
You don't know what
you're talking about, sir.
I would never do that.
>> Your spiritual body keeps
a record of every action done
in the material world.
Then it will show you
that I had a disease that
ripped my life away.
>> Your disease is a
result of a higher law.
>> What law?
>> Action and reaction.
>> The mental state is essential
and tied to human health.
>> I don't know what
you're talking about.
>> Could you imagine that
anger, hate, envy, selfishness,
and intolerance would
be part of a diagnosis?
>> Besides, the organs in your
somatic body have reserves we
can't even imagine.
But they cannot endure years
and years of mistreatment.
Your gastrointestinal
tract was completely
destroyed by excesses
of all kinds.
>> Hundreds and hundreds of
creatures leave the Earth
for the same reason, went on
over years and years until
there can only be one result,
an unconscious suicide.
>> That's the explanation
for such suffering.
>> Hundreds and hundreds
of creatures leave Earth
for the same reasons
every single day,
really one silent catastrophe.
Now enjoy your rest, Andre.
Try to calm your spirit.
Worrying won't
solve your problems.
And the good thing about
life is that we can always
start over, truly start over.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> There are many newcomers
among us astonished
by the similarity of this realm
to the shape of the planet
Earth.
They were not informed
that mental creation
is most of what our life is.
They forget that energy
vibrates in different dimensions
and states.
Yes, life goes on and the
relationships among beings
answer to this truth,
whether they want it or not.
The good we do is our
advocate for eternity.
Now, we can comprehend the
grandiosity of this moment.
And the blessings of this
city are for everyone.
[CHATTER]
>> Andre, I thought
you were ready?
>> For what?
>> Minister Clarencio is
allowing you to visit the city.
>> But can I go like this?
>> Come, I'll show you how to
conjure some other clothes.
[CHATTER]
>> So, Andre, did you like
Minister Veneranda's lecture?
>> I could never imagine these
scenes or such impressive
ideas.
>> I know.
There have been tough
times here in the hospital.
Now try to change your
thoughts, my friend.
>> Lucius, it's not easy going
through what I've been through.
>> You're recovering
depends on that too.
It's the law of synchrony.
>> You're saying that
if I get angry again,
I could go back to Umbral?
[LAUGHS]
>> You never know, Andre.
Our feelings and thoughts
decide where we will be.
>> Lucius, I need to
know about my family.
>> All in good time, remember?
>> They were really
suffering due to my disease.
>> Andre.
>> My relatives that had died
before me-- aren't they here?
My father, my-- my mo--
my, God.
>> So you do believe.
I thought you were one of those
people who say, I'm an atheist.
Thank God.
You'll know more bit by bit.
Just give time.
Come on.
Let's take the arrow bus.
>> Wait, take what?
Where does this
energy come from?
>> Soon engineers will
reincarnate and take with them
technology such as this
with them to the planet.
>> What kind of technology?
>> How do you use
magnetism for instance.
It's life on Earth that's
a copy from here, Andre.
To be born, die, and be reborn
so many times, as many times
as necessary.
It's the law.
>> Hey, stop reading my mind.
>> You're much better.
>> I don't know why.
>> Does the one who keeps
complaining have time to smile?
>> Dr. Andre, what a surprise.
Oh, my God.
What a pleasure to see you here.
You don't remember me, do you?
I'm Amelia.
I was always your last
patient of your day.
It was me and my husband and
you never charged anything.
>> Oh, yes.
You had the severe headaches.
>> Stomach aches.
>> Sure.
Got better?
>> I died, right?
So I got better.
[LAUGHS]
[DEEP SIGH]
>> I'm waiting for Anternor.
He was full of diseases.
Do you remember?
But he simply does not die.
>> Ma'am, I am sorry.
But Dr. Andre is a newcomer.
>> I'm sure you came straight to
this place and you didn't have
to stay in that
horrible other place.
You're a good man.
I'm certain you came
straight to Astral City.
Dr. Andre, once you're all set
and start seeing your patients,
I'll come pay you a visit.
>> Thank you, Aurelia.
>> Amelia.
[SIGHS]
>> In situations like this,
it's better not to say anything.
>> Thanks for the advice.
You could be a minister.
>> All right, I will tell you
a bit of this place's history.
But pay attention because
I'll only tell you this once.
Deal?
>> Deal.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> First this one, the
Edification Ministry.
Astral City was built
in the 16th century.
And everything here has a why.
You'll be able to realize later.
There we have the
Divine Union, which
deals with issues
of superior levels,
along with the
Governor's Palace.
These are the enlightenment
and communications buildings
where research is done and
messages to families on Earth
are sent, among other things.
You are at the
Regeneration Ministry,
right beside the
Reincarnation Pavilion.
Which I must confess,
I'm not very fond of.
>> Why?
>> You'll know one day.
[DEEP SIGH]
In each of its six
points, the main square
is home to a ministry.
There are 72 ministers
in this city, Andre,
just like God's breaths.
[UPBEAT MUSIC]
[CHATTER]
>> I was faced with
a new paradigm.
I saw people leaving
to be reborn on Earth
but leaving the sadness behind.
Little by little, I started
to make sense of everything.
Astral City was the
real life and Earth
was only a mere passage.
[CHATTER]
>> You won't make it.
>> So how do you know?
>> I've been lost many
times on those tracks,
unless that's what you want.
>> I want to see my family.
Do you think that's possible?
>> One day, who knows?
[LAUGHS]
>> But I was still the same man,
attached to my own mistakes,
to my selfishness,
and to my past.
>> Doctor.
Doctor Andre.
Dr. Andre.
[CHATTER]
>> I'm sorry.
May I interrupt?
>> Oh, of course.
You know, I'm going to have to
do much more research anyway.
Pleasure, Emmanuel.
>> Hi.
I'm Andre Luiz.
My friend, I would like
to know how to send
a message to my family--
tell them that I'm
here, that I miss them.
Actually, I have so much
to say that I don't even
know where to start.
>> You start right here.
Did someone explain to you
how our communication ministry
works?
You can choose the technology,
enter from the future
or from the past.
>> The oldest.
>> That I know, please.
>> Excuse me.
>> Mr. Emmanuel.
Sir, do you think she'll
be less sad with this?
I know she's suffering
a lot after I left.
>> Jonas, your mother won't
suffer anymore after she knows
you're very well, with so much
that you've been telling us
here.
>> And what do we do now?
>> Now, you wait.
I'll let know as soon as you
have permission to speak.
We have a reincarnated
brother who
is ready to psychograph all
the messages that we can send.
>> Thank you very much.
[CHATTER]
>> Andre, finding it
hard to start writing?
>> Yes.
That's it.
>> It's always like this.
You can look for brother
Genicio at the Ministry.
You'll find what you're
looking for there.
[CHATTER]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> How are you?
[CHATTER]
>> Minister, excuse me.
May we talk in private?
>> Forgive our brother.
After them, I will
certainly give you
the support that you need.
>> But I won't be long.
>> As well as them.
[CHATTER]
>> I am sorry.
Excuse me.
[CHATTER]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Andre Luiz.
[SIGHS DEEPLY]
I see you in prayers.
>> Thank you, Minister.
Thank you very much.
>> Ladies first.
What can I do for you, ma'am?
>> Minister Genicio, I need
to see my children on Earth.
The poor things are suffering so
much because of me being here.
>> Even though the family
ties are not broken with
the temporary separation of
death, this is a fair request.
How much bonus an
hour can you present
to be worthy of this request?
>> If you mean work, well, none.
>> How long have you been
at the colony, ma'am?
>> Six painful years.
>> And during all this time
you haven't found anything that
piqued your interest?
>> I've never had to work.
>> You know, ma'am, Astral City
has offers for you from food
factories to visiting services
to friends in recovery.
>> It's all a bit
tiresome, don't you think?
>> Nothing worth
having comes easy.
>> I've been told.
>> Look at your
own acts, sister,
and see how stained by pride
and selfishness they are.
They are the biggest
wounds of humanity.
Every kind of serving
is a blessing.
>> Sir, excuse me.
So can I go back
to being a doctor?
>> It's up to you.
But maybe the terrestrial
doctor is not the same
as the spiritual doctor.
>> What can I do?
>> Know that the
will, persistence,
and what is worth the
work go along together.
When the one who serves is
ready, work presents itself.
Let's find work, my sister.
[EXHALES]
>> There is an ocean of
invisible matter around
the Earth.
Astral City is at the top of a
chain of spiritual mountains,
just one among
thousands of cities
that hover over the planet.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Readjustment Chambers.
Welcome, my sister.
Welcome.
Readjustment Chambers.
This may not be the
heaven you've dreamt of,
but we'll take care of
everyone with much love.
>> Has my niece arrived?
>> On that one.
Readjustment Chambers.
>> Eloisa.
[CHATTER]
>> I could never have imagined
the potential of our minds.
Here, many still use their
looks from life on Earth
but the changes
had to be deeper.
>> Uncle, I never thought you
would be the one to welcome me
when I died.
>> You need to drink Eloisa.
>> Mom was so sad when you died.
It was so sudden.
She always prayed for you.
>> Yeah, I know.
>> How do you know?
[COUGHING, GASPING]
>> The first hours
are the worst.
Soon the pain will go away.
You've suffered enough.
>> Lucius, what happened to her?
>> I don't need your pity.
>> We'll take care
of you, Eloisa.
>> I don't need to
be taken care of.
>> Uncle, help me go back.
My fiance must be
waiting for me.
>> Eloisa, I'll take
you to our home here.
Your grandmother,
Laura, and your aunts,
Judite and Iolanda--
>> Uncle--
>> --await you.
>> --I don't have any home here.
You know this.
Uncle, send me back, please.
>> Easy.
Eloisa, rest.
I'll prepare your departure.
Andre?
You should observe.
You have a lot to learn here.
>> Thank you, Lucius.
[CHATTER]
>> Don't tell me
I have to relax.
>> How do you feel?
>> Alive and dead
at the same time.
>> You know, I couldn't
define it better myself.
[COUGHING, GASPS]
>> Who are you?
>> I am a doctor.
I'm Doctor Andre Luiz.
>> So explain it to me.
Why do I still feel
so much as pain?
>> Can you get up, please?
If I may examine you?
Yes, yes.
>> I wonder if I won't stop
suffering even after death.
>> Take a breath.
That's it.
Does it hurt?
And here?
That's it, breathe, breathe.
[GASPING AIR]
>> Easy, God.
Easy, easy.
>> Take your hands
off her please.
>> But she needs
help immediately.
>> Leave it to me.
Thank you.
[GASPING]
>> But what would have happened?
What did I do to her?
What?
Was she having a crisis?
>> Yes, something like it,
but you could say that.
>> I know.
I'm sorry.
I'm a doctor.
>> Earth diplomas.
>> But what would have happened?
If she's already
dead, then why--
>> You were researching?
>> --no, I'm trying
to learn and help too.
>> Help?
>> Of course, I need to work.
>> Yeah, and why is that?
>> I want to visit
my family on Earth.
I need to earn it.
>> You want to earn it?
>> Yes, isn't that how
things work around here?
>> You really want it?
>> I want to earn it.
>> Then come, come.
Our brother needs cleaning.
You can start here.
>> But this is a job for nurses.
>> Do you want it or not?
>> But you could use me
in so many other jobs.
I've studied so hard in life.
>> What do you know about
spiritual medicine, my friend?
>> I know nothing about
it, but I want to learn.
It's just that there are so
many laws here or new ways
of applying old laws.
>> No, the laws are the same,
but they are done individually.
>> Oh, what is happening to me?
[GASPS]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Have you recharged
your strengths?
>> My dearest daughter,
wherever you may be,
I want to love you forever.
From the very bottom of my
heart, I wish you peace.
Godspeed, my dear.
>> That was a beautiful
prayer from your mom.
>> And my fiancee?
Didn't he pray for me?
>> Doesn't he know life goes on?
>> We have never
even talked about it.
[SIGHS]
>> This shouldn't
have happened to me.
We're in love and we were
supposed to get married.
>> Why does your arrival here
mean your love has to end?
>> When can I get out?
>> Once your uncle
comes and gets you.
>> Now rest and try not to
think about anything, hmm.
So my friend, how are you?
>> I owe you an apology.
>> No, you only owe an apology
to people who get offended,
which is not my case.
>> I didn't mean
to harm her at all.
>> Do patients take
care of patients?
>> You were passing to her
fluids from your fragile mind.
>> But I'm not suicidal.
>> That's not what
we're talking about.
>> I'm sorry.
>> Andre, you're not ready
yet, but you will be.
Tobias, show our friend to
the exit from the chambers.
[MUSIC - Beethoven,
"Moonlight Sonata"]
>> When he was born, you
dedicated yourself to raising
a good man.
And when he died, your
dedication grew even more.
>> It's not an easy
task, Clarencio.
You were there with us.
You know that.
>> Yes, but you're
doing your best.
And I know you will keep at it.
>> It took time for me to
accept the fate that he created
himself.
>> It's hard to see
brothers stumbling.
Welcome to Astral City, Luisa.
>> I'm glad he's here.
>> Soon, I believe you
will be allowed to talk
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Andre, you can't tell
people that you are alive.
It's just not worth it.
To know the truth, all
beings need some spirituality
whatever that it is.
>> Emmanuel, I don't
have your faith.
>> And did you earn the
permission to send the message?
>> Not yet, no.
>> Andre, let's do something.
Let's go in there.
And you can talk
to the Governor.
>> And will he see me?
>> Here, the directors
give the instructions.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Welcome, Andre Luiz.
In my father's home,
there are many homes.
I wouldn't trade our
beautiful blue planet
to live anywhere
else in this galaxy,
not even in the happy worlds.
Thank you, Andre.
Thank you for coming to see me.
>> Sir, I came to beg
for your permission.
>> Beg, Andre?
>> I need to see them.
[SIGHS]
>> Family-- Andre, family--
see, this is my family.
Beyond the walls, in the
valleys of suffering,
they are my family too.
I need to see them too.
But this is not what
makes you suffer
the most when you had found you
were speaking with your heart.
And when the heart
speaks, God speaks for us.
Regret, unconscious, my brother.
>> Forgive me.
I threw my life away.
>> There are hearts
that pray for you.
>> What hearts?
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Mom?
>> My son.
[SOBBING]
>> Why didn't dad
come to see me?
>> Your dad is in the
underground regions.
>> But what did he do?
>> I have no right to
enumerate your father's deeds.
But he's already having
the harvest, unfortunately.
>> And I can't--
>> No, not a chance for now.
>> --and you?
>> I've been close at
a certain distance.
I've been thinking, what if
we lived a new experience
in the flesh?
>> Everything loses its meaning
once we wake up after we die.
>> Everything
makes sense, Andre.
>> I don't blame myself.
I can't absolve myself though.
Do you have access to Earth?
>> But do not ask me about
Zelia or the children.
>> My wife, my children--
>> You're still a patient.
>> They just won't
let me work here.
>> Here, free will is a law too.
You're a doctor.
But before that,
you're a good man.
I'm glad that you're
finding yourself again.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Andre, do you want to roam as
a free spirit or wait for time
to pass?
My son, if you need, I'll
come to you, just think.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[SOBBING]
[COUGHING]
[CHATTER]
>> No, I don't want to.
>> Easy sister, easy.
You'll get better.
You'll get better, easy, easy.
>> What's happening?
>> Lie down here brother, easy.
You're getting cleaned.
>> Tobias, what's going on?
>> This is the work, Andre.
>> I'll be right back.
[MOANING]
>> No.
>> Tobias, a moment please.
I need you to summon more
servers for the shift,
otherwise we won't make it.
Go.
[COUGHING]
[GROANING]
>> Stay calm.
You'll get help, easy.
That's it.
You can rest.
Many people here will help you.
You're protected,
safe and protected.
[EXHALES]
Trust me.
It'll be all right.
Yes, all right.
[HEAVY PANTING]
[CHATTER]
>> Nurse Narcisa, hi.
>> You earned double
bonuses for your work.
Now Andre Luiz, you're a member
of the Readjustment Chambers.
And as any good server, you
know when it's time to rest.
>> Thank you, nurse
Narcisa, but I have to work.
>> No, now it's
time to stop, OK?
The quality of work
is what's important.
Do not hurry.
>> Lucius, I have a concern.
Where will I live?
>> What do you mean?
You've only started working.
>> But I didn't know I was going
to leave the hospital for that.
>> Andre, some time ago, I'd
think this is a complaint--
that you needed water.
[LAUGHS]
>> I cannot contain
my curiosity.
>> Mm-hmm.
I'm sorry, were you a
doctor or a journalist?
>> How many people live here?
>> Around one million--
coming and going.
>> What do I do to buy a house?
>> Buy, Andre?
This is not Earth, my friend.
You can't just accumulate.
You have to earn it, remember?
Do not worry about this now.
Let's enjoy dinner.
>> I was at the hospital so long
that I don't even remember what
a good meal tastes like.
[LAUGHTER]
>> You won't even believe it.
>> Flowers from Veneranda,
our beloved minister.
>> Miss Laura,
you are very kind.
And I want to thank you for
the invitation made by Lucius.
>> Don't mention it.
>> Andre, this home was
earned by all of us,
especially by my husband
who is already on Earth.
>> That's right.
I forgot to tell you, Andre.
It took my father only 18
years to get this house.
When you get yours, I'll
probably be reborn already.
>> Lucius, now that he's
out of the hospital,
Andrea is worried about
his own situation.
>> I don't want to bother
you with this, Miss Laura.
>> There's room for one
more in our home, Andre.
>> I swore to never cook
again after I passed.
But what can I do?
I love it.
[LAUGHS]
>> Attention, Andre.
I have a special menu for you.
Today, we'll have soup.
>> I made it with love.
>> It's served with water.
>> Eloisa, my granddaughter,
you should re-energize too.
>> Why are you playing
the happy family?
>> I'm glad you liked it.
>> Thank you.
>> I can't wait
to know our date.
>> I'm sure we can be farmers.
And we'll live on
a beautiful farm.
>> Honey, you know
I'm a man of the city.
>> Watching you guys
plan your reincarnation,
it almost seems easy.
>> Well, I'm sure we can
do it this time around.
>> We have failed many times.
What makes you so sure?
>> The process of reincarnation
is not so easy you know, Andre.
A detailed plan is needed to--
Andre Luiz?
>> Miss Laura, I'm sorry.
Will you excuse me?
>> Of course.
>> The Minister
will see us soon.
I can't wait.
>> Eloisa, have you ever
imagined a life after a life?
>> Do you know how
we can go back?
I want to know how
my fiance is doing.
>> Unfortunately, no.
>> I need to go.
>> There are worse
cases than yours.
Why don't you simply
focus on your recovery?
>> I'm not worried
about the others.
And I'm not worried
about my recovery.
I'm already dead.
Don't you get it?
>> You have a privilege.
>> No compliments, please.
>> I, for one, never received
those prayers from my relatives
on Earth.
>> Well, maybe no one liked you.
[MELANCHOLY MUSIC]
>> Wow, it took me a while.
It's been a long time, right?
There are only two files.
>> What do you mean?
>> The record of two people.
>> Only two?
>> Mm-hmm.
>> Did you search for my
correct name, Andre Luiz?
>> There are no
mistakes here, sir.
Now just wait and
the images will show.
Excuse me.
[CHOIR MUSIC]
>> Lord, please bless
Doctor Andre Luiz,
who was so good to me.
Let him receive all
the love in this world.
[SOBBING]
Bless his family.
Our Father in heaven,
hallowed be thy name
[SOBBING]
[HEAVY SIGH]
>> How long has it been
since you've seen my grandpa?
>> He's already a
five-year-old boy.
>> He's someone else?
>> The same but with a different
body so he can live new
experiences in the flesh.
>> I wouldn't stand that.
>> Sometimes we meet in
our dreams, when he can.
My granddaughter, you
will understand one day.
You will learn how to deal
with the temporary separations
of life.
Family ties are forever when
they're built with love.
Everything that's a
result of vanity and pride
is lost with the
pain and the journey.
>> What if I don't
want to understand?
What if I don't want to
listen to these lectures?
I'm sorry.
I've missed you so much.
>> I was looking out for you.
[BAROQUE MUSIC]
>> Dr. Andre.
[SOBBING]
Dr. Andre, my husband died.
And he's not here.
He hasn't arrived yet.
Help me rescue him, Dr. Andre.
Help.
You're such a good man,
and I need your help.
Help me, help me.
[SOBBING]
>> Miss Amelia, Miss Amelia.
[SIGH]
[SOBBING]
[BAROQUE MUSIC]
[CHATTER]
>> Andre, the world
needs happy stories.
>> That's right.
>> Oh, look.
[EXHALES DEEPLY]
[CLATTERING DISHES]
[HURRIED STEPS]
>> Eloisa, Eloisa,
it won't work.
>> I will not wait years
and years to return.
Now I'm the one who's
reading your mind, doctor.
You can't wait to go.
You can't stand this
morality thing anymore.
Everyone has advice to
give you, don't they?
Let's get out of here.
Let's be truly happy.
>> It just won't work.
>> This is our life, doctor.
We have this right.
>> We don't.
We don't have this right.
[LAUGHS]
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC]
[CHATTER]
>> The book that we have
just completed and read
to our brothers on Earth tells
the story of the Roman senator,
Publio Lentulus Cornelius,
whom I'm going to talk about
in the third person--
him being one of
my incarnations.
Galilee didn't know, but it
was changing our times forever.
Somewhere around that
time, Jesus Christ
walked there, the man who had
oceans of people following him.
He operated many miracles, and
his word echoed everywhere.
And the senator met him.
Then one day, in what
seemed like a dream,
in just a small
passing instant--
the kind that can change
our existence forever--
I mean, it can change forever.
And if this instant fades
away, how many years are
necessary to rebuild the past?
How many years are necessary
to rebuild an instant?
>> In September of 1939,
spirits of a higher hierarchical
expression came from heaven.
Bugles could be heard from afar.
The city experienced
vital moments.
>> Beloved brothers, citizens
of Astral City, ministers,
as you may know, our work of
helping the ones who came from
the planet has demanded
discipline, obligation,
and much devotion.
The human-like
process of renovation
has come to a boiling point.
I have come to ask
for extra effort
from those at the Elevating
Service of our colony.
A worldwide war has begun.
And we don't know how long
it will last in its entirety.
Millions and millions
of souls will soon
return to the spiritual world.
May God have mercy on us all.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[BOMBS EXPLODING]
[GUNFIRE]
>> Every spiritual city around
the planet comes together
in prayer and labors for peace.
Even though I walk through the
valley of the shadow of death,
I will fear no evil
for you are with me.
[ORCHESTRAL MUSIC PLAYING]
[CHATTER]
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
>> Lucius.
>> Off balanced, obsessed
with her fiancee,
Eloisa wouldn't be able to
cross the dense levels of Umbral
to go around the Earth.
From its surface to
the city frontiers--
the result, the law of
action and reaction.
>> Eloisa?
[GASPING, MOANING]
[CHATTER]
[COUGHING]
>> You were right, doctor.
I couldn't do it.
>> I never thought I
would tell you this.
But one day, all the
answers come, all of them.
>> Why am I like this?
Why do I hurt people so much?
>> One day, you will understand.
And when this day comes,
you'll feel assured.
And when you are
unshakeable, you will grow.
>> The soup is awful.
It's tasteless.
>> You know what
Eloisa, I think so too.
But in the name of our
friendship, eat it.
It's good for you.
I've learned a lot from you.
Thank you for everything.
Take care.
>> Narcisa, Clarencio.
>> Can I help you
with something, Andre?
>> You already have, Minister.
You already have.
May I, please?
At Astral City, it is adamant
we learned from all experiences.
But there are some things
we can never forget.
The past cannot be altered.
Mysterious are the paths run
by the soul and the heart.
It was then that I
proved once more what
love is capable of doing.
Miss Laura, I know you don't
have to reincarnate anymore.
So why go back to
living on Earth?
>> I asked and Minister
Clarencio accepted it.
We have to live again to evolve.
Some lessons can only be
learned in our terrestrial life.
Besides, we plan lives that
are supposed to work out.
You never know.
>> As for now, Doctor Andre,
take good care of Eloisa.
>> I'm doing this for her.
Reincarnation is
the best of schools.
She will join us as
soon as possible.
She'll be my daughter.
As a mother, I
hope I can help her
to be more accepting and not
so much attached to matter.
Let's trust in the divine
providence and have faith.
>> We hope so.
>> Thank you for everything.
>> Take care of my son, Andre.
[MOURNFUL SIGH]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> I know, my friend.
I know.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Astral City.
>> How is your planning, Lucius?
>> Minister Clarencio
is reevaluating.
It seems it's going
to take longer now.
>> Have you heard
anything from them?
>> Mom has already been reborn.
And aunts Judite and
Iolanda are in the process
of forgetting their past.
>> There's a big difference
in everything you're feeling,
Lucius.
>> How would you know
what I'm feeling?
>> Synchronicity.
Here, we only say see you soon.
>> You just say that
because your mother is alive
in the superior levels.
And she's always coming
to visit you, right?
>> You haven't lost your mother.
>> Philosophically I did.
>> She's going to make
everything she's planned come
true.
She will help your
niece very much.
I assure you of that.
Now, read my mind.
>> No.
>> Yes.
[LAUGHS]
>> If you can, visit my mother.
>> I don't even know how
to behave myself with
the incarnated ones, Lucius.
>> If-- if anything,
we'll become ghosts.
[LAUGHTER]
>> Yes.
[DEEP INHALE, EXHALE]
>> When I got to Astral City,
I was the result of what I was
on Earth.
I had brought with me the
reflex of material excesses
and spiritual emptiness.
In a way, there was
an Andre who had died
all those years in the city.
The man who felt like the owner
of that home, an irritable man,
worried about the present,
with his possessions--
that man no longer exists.
A new Andre has been born.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Thank you for
coming, Doctor Henrique.
I really hope that
everything will be all right.
>> Zelia, you shouldn't
worry so much.
>> But tell me, doctor,
is he going to recover?
>> Yes, he just needs to
rest and take his medication.
>> I honestly don't think I
could go through this a second
time.
>> Everything is just fine.
>> That's exactly what
they told me years ago.
>> If there's anything
you need, please call me.
>> Very well, doctor.
And again, thank you for coming.
We're very grateful.
>> And so if you will excuse me?
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[COUGHING]
>> The doctor says you're
going to get better.
>> Sweetheart, doctors
don't know anything.
Men don't know anything.
See this, see.
We're killing ourselves again.
>> But I know, Amore Mio.
And you're going to be fine.
Your medication.
>> Wait, wait, wait.
Look at me.
Come here.
[INTENSE MUSIC]
>> I love you, bella mia.
I love you so much.
I'm your husband, and I
have always been here.
And I'll never ever leave you.
[COUGHING]
[BANGING]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[FAINT GROWLS]
[INTENSE MUSIC]
[YELLING, MOANING]
[SOBBING]
[THUNDER CLAPS]
[GROWLING]
[INTENSE MUSIC]
[PEACEFUL MUSIC]
>> Mom?
>> I'm so glad you
made it, Clarice.
>> How are you?
>> Fine.
I was a little frightened,
but I'm all right.
>> Good.
You know, I thought a
lot about dad today.
>> Your father?
Sweetheart, don't tell me that.
>> What's wrong, mom?
>> I'm already suffering and you
bring up something so gloomy.
It's not a good time to
speak about your father.
Agreed?
>> Sorry, I just wanted
to tell you how I felt.
>> Clarice, dear, your
father is no longer with us.
I know that it was painful.
It was for me too.
But that's all in the past and
the past is done and buried.
>> Who's at rest?
>> Mom doesn't want
me talking about dad.
>> But what good is it
to remember him, Clarice?
>> I just miss him.
>> I don't know if I miss him.
I wish I did.
>> I read in a book that
people don't really die.
>> Clarice, dear, please don't.
>> This is nonsense, sis.
Quit being a fool.
Science can disprove
these kinds of fraud.
[LAUGHS]
>> You sound just like dad.
>> Maybe that's why I
decided to become a doctor.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[DEEPLY EXHALES]
>> How's Ernesto?
>> Come, let's go see.
>> Mom, I'm home.
[PLAYING PIANO]
>> Maria Clara?
>> Hi, Clarice.
>> Who taught you the
song you're playing?
>> I don't know.
I just sat and played.
>> Do you know how it goes?
>> No.
[PLAYING PIANO]
>> I learned to play it when
I was your age, you know?
Dad loved to watch me play.
>> How was he, Clarice?
>> Ah, he was a very
good man, very busy,
never had much time for us.
He was tough, stern.
I never saw him
crying, you know?
>> But boys don't cry.
>> That's right.
[LAUGHS]
I think he just
did what he thought
people expected him to do.
But he loved us, and that's
what's important, right?
>> Yeah, but I don't
understand anything.
[LAUGHS]
>> Well, you don't have to.
If one day things are
the way I think they are,
we'll meet again.
>> I hope so.
>> Come on, play.
[PLAYING PIANO]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> How lovely.
[LAUGHS]
>> Life doesn't end and death
is a dark game of illusions.
Closing our bodily eyes
doesn't decide our fate.
It's necessary to go through
our own drama or our own comedy
so we can cross all the paths
of our spiritual evolution.
Only then will we find the
waters of the divine ocean.
Existence is an act, a body--
a vessel, a century--
a day.
And death-- death is
the renewed breath.
>> Did you know of this text?
[DEEP SIGH]
>> I never could have imagined
the awakening could be
so intense.
>> But I won't suffer
with the idea of eternity.
>> It's always a good
time to start over.
>> Now, the divine voice
that speaks in the sanctuary
of my soul is only
forgiveness and love.
Zelia, forgive me.
[CHOIR SINGING]
[COUGHING]
[GASPS]
>> Godspeed, Doctor Andre.
>> Thank you, Ismalia.
[CHOIR SINGING]
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
>> Ernesto?
My God.
Ernesto, wake up.
No, for the love of God,
don't do this to me, Ernesto.
Ernesto!
Just breathe, Ernesto.
Please breathe.
>> I'm sick.
I'm not dead, Zelia.
>> Oh, for heaven's sake.
You scared me.
[EXHALES]
>> You're feeling better.
>> Yes, I'm so much better now.
You know, I dreamt of a
man, a very friendly man.
And he asked me to
drink some water.
And I think I actually drank
the whole jug last night.
[LAUGHTER]
Ah, come here.
Sweetheart, come here.
Oh, my sweetheart,
my sweetheart.
I'm not leaving you
any time soon, OK?
[LAUGHS]
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[VOCALIZING]
>> Every time a citizen from
Astral City returns from a very
well-accomplished mission, they
must be received by everyone
with much love and care.
Welcome back to our city, Andre.
>> Thank you for
everything, minister.
Tobias.
>> We might have an opening
in the Samaritans group.
>> Do you think I can?
>> If that's what
you want, why not?
>> But we can't forget the
work at the Chambers, right?
>> The work, always
the work, Andre.
>> You're right, Tobias.
>> What about the books?
Our friend on Earth
would love to meet you.
>> And who is it?
>> You can call him
Chico, just Chico.
>> God bless him.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Andre Luiz continues his work
at the colony in Astral City
until this day.
He wrote 16 books with
the psychic, Chico Xavier,
about the life in
the spiritual world.
To Chico Xavier, Andre
Luiz, and to the inhabitants
of Astral City.
Based on the works
of Chico Xavier.
[MUSIC PLAYING]